Step 4 Flow

    Check if there is a bill run delay advisory:
        Run Delay:
            Follow cascaded interim handling related to the advisory. 
        No: Continue to check bill

    Check Bill Delivery Mode:
        Paper:
            Check if billing address is correct:
                Billing Address Correct:
                    Check if bill delivery is within or beyond SLA:
                        In SLA: 
                            Advise TAT for bill delivery.
                            Offer to enroll to Paperless Billing.
                                 If customer agrees
                                    Enroll Customer
                            Go to Offer Bill Print via Email
                        Out of SLA:
                            Deliver SLA appology Script
                            Offer to enroll in Paperless Billing
                                If customer agrees
                                    Proceed with Paperless Bill Enrolment. Refer to Change Bill Delivery Mode handling. 
                                If customer disagrees 
                                    Dispatch a caChange the email addressse for validating bill delivery and bill resending
                            Go to Offer Bill Print via Email
                    Billing Address Incorrect:
                        Prompt for the correct billing address including landmark or establishment near customer's address.
                        Change the billing address. Refer to Updating Billing Arrangement handling.
                        Dispatch a case for bill resending to correct address. 
                        Go to Offer Bill Print via Email
        Paperless:
            Check if email address is correct                 
                If Email address Correct:
                    Check if within SLA
                        If within SLA:
                            Advise customer that bill will be sent to registered email address.  
                            Go to Offer Bill Print via Email
                        If beyond SLA
                            Apologize to the customer
                            Go to Offer Bill Print via Email
                If Email Incorrect:
                    Prompt the correct email address.
                    Change the email address
                     Dispatch a case for bill resending to correct email address

    Offer Bill reprint via Email 
        If customer agrees:
            Resend the billing statement
        If customer declines:
            Remind him to register to MyBills online so he can view his billing statement while waiting for the copy of the bill.


